and Dima himself and the model
and in the attic and stupidly up
this 1 time I've been trying for three months
ask for your forgiveness but tell me how
I'll fix everything okay come
tomorrow in the hotel room where 50 men
will spend money on one girl and
this girl will be me that day when you
you can get this picture out of your mind
i will forgive you
since you have ever asked me why
I had to take that step
does this justify you nickname
ever thought about that
the last three years our life has been spinning
just around your perfect wedding
perfect dress from fabulous honey
months and your far from perfect guy
paid bills
and then jerry needed my help
of course it was an idea j more precisely with
Radhika wear today lives in the reception
family and the truth is that for jerry's sake i
ready to hire men a hundred times
escort
times to you people can live on the show
room all my life
you're here
these
coffee
papaya yoke
who told you this books if nobody
the truth is always on his side radhika
if the nickname is not perfect here and also not
present trouble is that we often
make mistakes but never ask
forgiveness, even I once offended your mother
but I did not have time to apologize forgiving
love is stronger in any relationship alone
mistake you need to forgive though don't worry
everything will be fine
Relax
Well